## Iconcommons for icon upload

Create a sharing site for icons, for anyone to post open icons. And hook it in to the 
MapStory platform, so users can select from a wider variety of icons. [icon-styling.md](icon-styling.md)
will be the mapstory improvements that will enable connection to this.

### Requirements/spec

There is a need for a commons for mapping icons. There are a number of decent openly licensed 
icon sets on the web, but they are scattered about and hard to find. We propose a simple site 
to be the home for user generated content of nice mapping icons. 

##### Minimum Viable Product.

http://www.iconcommons.org/

Front page explains that this is a commons of icons that are openly licensed. It has links 
to the various sub pages described below, along with some featured icons and collections.

iconcommons.org/search

This would start populated display a number of icons and collections, sorted by 'highest rated', 
'most downloads' and 'latest'. And a filter on the side would let users limit by common pixel 
size, by user, words in description and by tag. They can also choose to just search by icon or collection.

iconcommons.org/<icon_name>

Each icon has a page, with title, user (who uploaded it), rating, description, comments, size(s) 
and tags. Only the 'owner' can set the title and description. Anyone can rate, comment or tag. Size 
is generated by the image uploaded. An improved version would enable multiple versions of the same 
icon in different sizes. The first will just have one size.

If a user is the owner of the page then they will have the option to edit the title and description 
on this page, and to delete the icon or upload a new version (delete and upload functionality could 
be eliminated in MVP)

The page will also have a 'direct link' to the actual file that was uploaded.

iconcommons.org/<icon_name>.[jpg|png|gif]

The original image upload will have a direct link here, which any mapping program can reference directly.

iconcommons.org/c/<collection_name>

Each collection page lists all the icons that are a part of it. And has a title, rating, description, 
comments, sizes and tags. If a user is the owner they can edit title and description on this page. 
Everyone can add comments, tags and ratings. Size is auto generated, showing the range of sizes of the 
individual icons that make the collection..

iconcommons.org/user/<user_name>

Shows a user, with the icons they uploaded and collections they made. Eventually will be more 'social'

iconcommons.org/upload

Lets _anyone_ upload an icon, with an optional title and description. If no title is provided then it will 
be generated by the file name. Will not require a login, though eventually should make it super easy to 
login with facebook/google/twitter/github. When uploading a user must accept an open license. We could 
just start with public domain or BSD. Or let people choose an open license - Creative Commons Attribution, 
ShareAlike or CC0.

### Tech thoughts

Most any webby framework that has nice rest support can be used. Just depends on skills of who implements.
Can easily be a contractor, since there's very little geo specific work in here.

The above spec may be too precise, it is flexible, it's just the idea. Should be sure that the mapstory frontends
can programmatically use it. Both in selection of icons, and in the uploading of icons/SLD's that seamlessly
puts them on the commons backend.
